MongoDB folder and urls + Grafana alerts (#857)
CleverCloud/doc.clever-cloud.com: administrate/metrics/overview.md

For instance, you can derive metrics over time, do custom aggregations or combine metrics.

### Get alerts

> You can set up alerts in Grafana to be notified on your apps and addons consumption. This can be useful to monitor databases capacity or latency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up alerts in Grafana to be notified on your apps and add-ons consumption. This can be useful to monitor databases capacity or latency.
```
